markdown/vision.md, before:

# Project vision

Color Memory Game - an application that allows users to play a memory game with colors.

## Background and problem description

In today's hectic world, it is important to relax and take a break from the daily stress. It is also important to keep our brains active and healthy. Video games have shown a positive effects on the brain. Such games can improve our ability to focus and prevent age-related memory loss. Memory games are a great way to improve our memory and have fun at the same time.

Color Memory game is an application that tests the user's memory by using colors. Its purpose is to help users improve their memory by playing a fun game that is easy to understand and visually appealing.

The user is presented with a sequence of colors and has to remember the order in which they were presented. The user then has to arrange the colors in the same order as they were presented. If the user submits the correct order, they win the game. If the user submits the wrong order, they lose the game.

## User/target group

The target group for this application is anyone who wants to improve their memory. At the same time the users are encouraged to relax and have fun. Thus there are no time limits and the users can change the difficulty level as they wish.

## Competing and similar games 
There are several memory games available online. Some of them use colors and some use images. This game focuses on simplicity and ease of use. It sets no pressure on the user and allows them to play at their own pace. The game is also free to play and does not require any registration for any of its features.

Similar games:
- https://www.lofiandgames.com/color-memory 
- https://www.coolmathgames.com/0-color-memory
- https://www.helpfulgames.com/subjects/brain-training/memory.html
- https://www.solitairebliss.com/memory

## Base requirements

UC 1 - username
1.1 At the start of the game the user can enter their username.
1.2 At the end of the game the user can see their score and the username they entered at the start of the game.

UC 2 - difficulty level
2.1 At the start of the game the user can choose the difficulty level. The difficulty level can be easy, medium or hard.
2.2 The easy difficulty level has 3 colors.
2.3 The medium difficulty level has 4 colors.
2.4 The hard difficulty level has 5 colors.

U3 - play game
3.1 At the start of the game the user can see a sequence of color tiles for 5 seconds. After 5 seconds the tiles get shuffled.
3.2 The user can click on the shuffled tiles to generate their own sequence of tiles. The tiles get added to the user's sequence in the order in which they were clicked, last tile clicked is last in the sequence.
3.3 The user can remove any number of tiles from their sequence by clicking on any tile in their sequence.
3.4 If the user submits the correct sequence, they win the game.
3.5 If the user submits the wrong sequence, they lose the game.

## Non-functional requirements

NF 1 - usability
1.1 The game is easy to understand and play.
1.2 The game is visually appealing.
1.3 The game is responsive.

## Author
Anna Manole

## Technologies
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Node.js, Vite, Netlify

Commit message:

Theme switcher testing and vision

markdown/vision.md, after:

# Project vision

Color Memory Game - an application that allows users to play a memory game with colors.

## Background and problem description

In today's hectic world, it is important to relax and take a break from the daily stress. It is also important to keep our brains active and healthy. Video games have shown a positive effects on the brain. Such games can improve our ability to focus and prevent age-related memory loss. Memory games are a great way to improve our memory and have fun at the same time.

Color Memory game is an application that tests the user's memory by using colors. Its purpose is to help users improve their memory by playing a fun game that is easy to understand and visually appealing.

The user is presented with a sequence of colors and has to remember the order in which they were presented. The user then has to arrange the colors in the same order as they were presented. If the user submits the correct order, they win the game. If the user submits the wrong order, they lose the game.

## User/target group

The target group for this application is anyone who wants to improve their memory. At the same time the users are encouraged to relax and have fun. Thus there are no time limits and the users can change the difficulty level as they wish.

## Competing and similar games 
There are several memory games available online. Some of them use colors and some use images. This game focuses on simplicity and ease of use. It sets no pressure on the user and allows them to play at their own pace. The game is also free to play and does not require any registration for any of its features.

Similar games:
- https://www.lofiandgames.com/color-memory 
- https://www.coolmathgames.com/0-color-memory
- https://www.helpfulgames.com/subjects/brain-training/memory.html
- https://www.solitairebliss.com/memory

## Base requirements

UC 1 - username
1.1 At the start of the game the user can enter their username.
1.2 At the end of the game the user can see their score and the username they entered at the start of the game.

UC 2 - difficulty level
2.1 At the start of the game the user can choose the difficulty level. The difficulty level can be easy, medium or hard.
2.2 The easy difficulty level has 3 colors.
2.3 The medium difficulty level has 4 colors.
2.4 The hard difficulty level has 5 colors.

UC 3 - play game
3.1 At the start of the game the user can see a sequence of color tiles for 5 seconds. After 5 seconds the tiles get shuffled.
3.2 The user can click on the shuffled tiles to generate their own sequence of tiles. The tiles get added to the user's sequence in the order in which they were clicked, last tile clicked is last in the sequence.
3.3 The user can remove any number of tiles from their sequence by clicking on any tile in their sequence.
3.4 If the user submits the correct sequence, they win the game.
3.5 If the user submits the wrong sequence, they lose the game.

UC 4 - theme switcher
4.1 The user can switch between light and dark mode.
4.2 If the user switches to dark mode, the colors generated by the game are light.
4.3 If the user switches to light mode, the colors generated by the game are dark.

## Non-functional requirements

NF 1 - usability
1.1 The game is easy to understand and play.
1.2 The game is visually appealing.
1.3 The game is responsive.

## Author
Anna Manole

## Technologies
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Node.js, Vite, Netlify
